# Project-S-final
This is our Project-S-Final package.<br>

## Introduction
We create a fictional binary star solar system which has two suns, one Earth and one moon. In our
early project, we generate our data by using SpaceEngine and OCR. This time, however, we come up
with a new method to generate the altitude and azimuth data of the celestial bodies by analytically
solving our model which generalized and simplified our previous method. Our current method can
be used to quickly generate observation data from an arbitrary position on Earth. Combining the
two methods can provide us with abundant data for learning the orbital motion and positions of the
celestial bodies and the moon phase.<br>
Our results can be used to further study and predict both solar and lunar eclipse phenomena since we
can accurately predict the time evolution curve of the sun’s and the moon’s position on the sky. That
will be an interesting work for us in the future.<br>
## Data
The dataset includes both the data we generated by Space Engine and simulation.<br>
### Space Engine
For data generated by Space Engine, we improved our way of digit recogonition this time.
By using new digit recogonition package called OCR, we solve the problem of low recogonition rate.
Thus, we almost make use of every screenshot, which can give us about 30% more data based on the same raw screenshots.
### Simulation
Although data generatede by Space Engine and OCR is enough for us to train moon phase problem, 
that data is not enough for training azimuth and latitude. In order to train these things, 
we apply another method: simulation. By physical derivation, we analytically draw the model in Space Engine.
Thus, we can generate as many data points as we want.

## Training
### final_phase
From EDA and the observation of the data, we find the moon phase data is like a signle sin function( Asin(wx+c)+B ).<br>
Based on this assumption, we first guess the initial function. After that, we use a two-step way to fine-tune the parameters.<br>
First, we use gradient decent to fine-tune our parameters of the function. This step is intended to find the best w.<br>
Since Asin(wx+c)+B is just a simple observation and the true function may contain other high order terms, just gradient decent is not enough.<br>
After the gradient decent step, we construct a series of features like sin(wx) and cos(wx). Then, we do polynomial regression on them.

### final_location
## Authors
* Zheyu Lu   
* Rui Liu   
* Shuqi Xu
